all right
eight detective riddles to test how
awesome your logic skills are
today brightside gives you the
opportunity to feel like a real
detective
by solving cases using just a few hints
after each riddle you will have 15
seconds to think it over
if you need more time to think just
pause the video
and if you crack at least one mystery
hit the like button
alright sherlock here we go
counting down from number eight escape
once a famous detective stevenson had to
find an escaped prisoner
he knew the criminal was hiding in one
of these houses
but he had to know the exact address so
as to not frighten the criminal away
first he took a photo of the houses with
the help of a drone
when he looked at the photo he realized
where the criminal was
so can you understand where that
fugitive was and what helped the
detective find him
you have 15 seconds your time has
[Music]
started
are you ready to check your guesses
[Music]
the murderer was in house a
you see the car standing nearby was the
only car
parked facing the road it would let the
criminal escape quickly
number seven detectives tragedy
one morning the detective had an
argument with his wife
and went away without his cell phone and
the keys
in the evening when he returned home he
found his colleague
his scared wife and a murdered man
steven's wife told her story
i was sitting in the living room when i
heard the doorbell
i thought it was my husband and opened
the door but a criminal pushed me
and so i stabbed him with a knife
the detective ordered the policeman to
arrest his wife
because she had planned to kill him
how did the detective figure it out time
to rack your brain
[Music]
unfortunately mrs stevens indeed planned
to kill her husband
she went to open the door with a knife
because she thought it was her husband
number six friendly murder
mary and ben lived with their four
friends one day
ben came home and found mary dead on a
sofa
bummer he called the police
the detective arrived and realized that
mary had been killed not
so long ago he interrogated all four
friends
that's what their stories told
mia was in the kitchen and said she'd
come home two hours ago
and gone to the kitchen
john was reading a book in the garden he
said he hadn't left the place that day
jennifer said she had been swimming in a
swimming pool for three hours
jane was painting in her room
unexpectedly the detective asked
everyone to show him their hands
and found out who lied to him
immediately that person was the murderer
how did stevens uncover the criminal
time is ticking away
tick-tock
[Music]
who do you think the detective was
checking
well time is out here's the answer pay
attention to the hands of jennifer
if she had been swimming in the pool for
so long the skin
on her palms would have been wrinkled oh
jennifer
your pruning hands gave you away
number five blood ties
a millionaire was shot in the forehead
at his own home
detective stevens spoke to the
millionaire's three sons
jack john and james who were at home
jack said that night john their father
oh let me guess
the wife's name is jane i'll bet anyway
the father had been
at an official reception they arrived
home and entered the living room
his father came in first then john and
jack himself
when their father came up to the stairs
james entered the living room and shot
their father
john confirmed jack's information
[Music]
james said he had visited his friends
that night
when he arrived home his father had
already been dead
the detective understood everything
immediately so
who was the killer and how did stevens
resolve that case
what do you think
the word of one brother against two
others a tricky case
or have you already figured out what
happened let's check if you were right
john and jack lied if james had killed
their father
a bullet would have shot him in the nape
because he wanted to go upstairs
however the wound was on his forehead
all right i was thinking it was jane but
now
[Music]
number four romantic journey
mr and mrs clyde went on a trip to the
mountains
but two days later mr clyde returned
home alone
he went to the police and said that mrs
clyde had fallen to her death
the next day detective stevens visited
mr clyde
and arrested him for his wife's murder
clyde confessed his guilt
and asked the detective how he found out
he was the murderer
stephen said he simply called a travel
agent and asked for some information
what did the travel agent say to the
detective
what is your version did it have
anything to do with the insurance
perhaps
you have just a few seconds left
[Music]
do you know the answer the words of the
travel agent
shed light on the whole situation mr
clyde bought two plane tickets to the
mountains
and only one return ticket ah
if only mrs clyde had known hey
blame the beatles she didn't have a
ticket to ride
number three liar
[Music]
a man told the police that he had come
home from work
to find his wife's dead body lying in
the middle of the parlor
he said she had apparently found his gun
in his desk
and shot herself however the policeman
knew
at once that the man was lying
how did he know 15 seconds is all you
have to solve this mystery
the policeman noticed that the man had
an empty gun holster attached to his
belt
it meant he'd either been about to take
the gun with him
or had it on him all along the former
couldn't be true
because he said he'd come home from work
and found his wife dead
that's why we are left with the ladder
not the latter the latter
which proves that the man had actually
shot his wife
number two silly murderer
the detective was speaking to a doctor
in a waiting room
when a dismayed man rushed in and
screamed somebody shot my wife
the detective asked the man to tell him
everything
the man mr clark said that he was at
work when his housekeeper called him
and said that something terrible had
happened to his wife and that she was in
the intensive care unit
he hung up immediately and went to the
hospital
when mr clark finished his story the
detective arrested him on the attempted
murder charge
why did he do this
[Music]
can the detective read minds what is
your opinion
you have just a few seconds left to make
your guess
in fact mr clark didn't know anything
about a shot
his housekeeper only said that something
bad had happened to his wife
no firearm had been mentioned by the way
are you also keeping count of how many
couples are killing their spouses
so much spouse aside what does this say
about our society
well firstly the killers all screw it up
but i digress
finally number one the murder of an
aristocrat
george smith was murdered on sunday
evening
there were five other people in his
house mr smith's wife
i'm betting she did it his personal cook
a butler
a housemaid and a gardener
they all told detective stevens what
they were doing that evening
mrs smith was reading a book near a
fireplace
[Music]
the cook was making breakfast
the butler was giving instructions to
workers in the living room
the housemaid was washing the dishes
the gardener was watering plants in the
greenhouse
right after all the conversations the
detective arrested the murderer
who was the killer and how did stevens
find the criminal
will you be able to solve this riddle in
15 seconds
if you want more time to consider this
case you can always pause the video
well what is your answer the criminal
was the cook
of course he was i knew that all the
time the murder was committed in the
evening
but he said he was making breakfast he
had to pay more attention to what he was
saying
you know what i think mrs smith paid the
gardener to kill her husband because
he was having an affair with a housemaid
it all fits
so let's wrap this up how many riddles
have you solved
and which ones seem the trickiest write
to us in the comments below
share this video with your friends to
have more fun and
remember to hit the like button if this
video gathers 50 000 likes
we will prepare a new portion of
detective mysteries for you
and here's our final clue join us on the
bright side
[Music]
you